[man]
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Let's begin it.
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Friends for life
Through thick and thin ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ All the trouble we get in ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Spin it, my friend.
Woo-hoo!
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Ba-ba-ba da-da-da ♪
♪ Spin it, let's begin it ♪
♪ Bear and grin it when you're in it ♪
♪ You can win it in a minute ♪
♪ When you spin it, spin it, spin it ♪
Ha-ha-ha!
♪ Talespin it ♪
♪ Talespin ♪
[Louie] Hey, cuz, you've got to be here
tomorrow night.
It's Louie's first annual
Carmen Meringue night.
Admission's only $5.00,
and that includes fine food,
fancy friends, and all the fruit
you can pile on your fuzzy head.
[chuckles]
Sounds coconuts!
Count me in.
Count you out, Baloo.
You lost all your money
at the Tortuga Turtle Toss.
Oh, don't worry.
I'll just sweet talk, sweet Becky
into giving me an advance on my pay.
No problem.
[Rebecca]
Are you coconuts? Today is Thursday.
Payday's not till Saturday.
The answer is no!
No problem, huh?
Well, I guess you can kiss
Louie's party goodbye.
Says who?
Baloo never misses a party.
But Miss Cunningham said no.
Kiddo, when are you gonna learn?
No doesn't mean no.
Well, what does it mean?
It means you got to cut a corner,
beg a favor, beat the system.
[woman]
That was Roseberry Clooney singing,
"These Tears Aren't For You,
I'm Just Peeling Onions."
-You're listening to...
-Watch a pro at work.
So, Baloo, what brings you here?
Another favor?
Oh, Sally, how can you say that?
When was the last time I asked a favor?
-Mm... last Monday.
-Uh, besides then.
Uh, Wednesday before that,
then the Tuesday before that.
Oh, then there was
the big favor two weeks ago Thursday.
All right, already.
I need another one.
A Saturday show
broadcast on Friday morning.
And what favor do I get in return?
Well, let me see...
I'll let you do my laundry.
Think again.
-All right. I'll do your laundry?
-No.
-Uh, uh, take you on a plane ride?
-Getting warmer.
Uh... [gulps]
date?
Got yourself a favor.
Watch a pro, huh?
[elevator dings]
Now remember, Kit, we have to change
all of Rebecca's calendars to Saturday.
Baloo, I don't think we should.
Don't be a spoil-sport, kiddo.
It's just a little joke.
[moans softly]
[teeth chattering]
And now for the last touch.
A special Saturday edition
I had made up.
[alarm ringing]
[yawns]
Saturday?
[Sally]
Can you believe it's Saturday already?
Where did Friday go?
If time flies any faster
I'll need jet lag pills.
Now, here comes Becky.
Keep your fingers crossed,
little britches.
Morning, Becky.
Morning, Baloo.
What day is it?
Why, Saturday.
And a fine one, at that.
Are you sure?
Wasn't yesterday Thursday?
[Baloo chuckles] Oh, I get it.
Trying to kid your way out of payday.
It's payday already?
Well, I hate to take
the loot and scoot, but--
Baloo, did you deliver
those telescopes to Myopia yesterday?
Yesterday? I thought
they weren't due till Friday.
[Rebecca]
Yesterday was Friday.
They were supposed to be delivered in time
for the arrival of Cleanser's Comet.
And what about the chinchilla earmuffs
that were supposed to go to Thembria?
-I was, uh, about to get to it.
-What? I'm docking your pay.
Now, Becky, I can explain.
Are you up to something?
OK, I confess.
It's not Saturday.
I'm just pulling a practical joke
to push up payday.
That's the lousiest,
lamest excuse I've ever heard.
Of course, it's Saturday.
How much evidence do you need?
Now, you've got two days
worth of deliveries to make.
We don't have time to waste.
We? You're going, too?
Somebody's got to apologize to Thembria
for your mistakes.
If I leave it to you
who knows what you'll tell them.
I know, I know.
You told me so.
[Colonel Spigot]
Sergeant Dunder, watch the radar for me.
Yes, Colonel Spigot, sir.
[static]
Who's to blame for this broken radio?
Why? Is Broadcast Sally on?
Sergeant Dunder,
need I remind you we Thembrians
are only allowed to listen
to state programs.
Broadcast Sally
from Cape Suzette is illegal.
Against the law.
I know, sir. And I never miss a chance
not to listen to her, too.
[Sally] And that was Chester Grisley's
latest platter,
"My Love Crash-landed
On the Runway To Your Heart."
Coming up next on this beautiful
Saturday morning...
Saturday? Sergeant Dunder, what day
are you stamping on those papers?
Friday, sir.
-And why do you think it's Friday?
-'Cause yesterday was Thursday.
Actually, I could've sworn
yesterday was Thursday, too.
Why does Broadcast Sally say Saturday?
Maybe it's a mistake.
No! This is a plot
by those capitalist swine in Cape Suzette.
They're trying to be a day ahead of us.
-Where are you going, uh, sir?
-To show those creeps in Suzette,
they have nothing to fear
but Spigot himself.
I must speak to you at once,
high marshal.
What is it, Faucet?
Spigot, oh, mighty mucky-muck.
Spigot.
Are you contradicting the state?
Oh, never, Your Potentness.
I'll change my name at once.
Wait, I didn't come in here for this.
I recommend we declare war,
Your High Marshalness.
Uh, and, uh, why is that?
[Spigot] Because those Cape Suzette swine
have declared today Saturday.
Everyone knows today is Friday.
People have payday,
day of the Cleanser Comet.
[groans]
This makes me furious.
[Spigot] I knew it would.
Let's nip it in the bud.
If we give them a day,
they'll take a week. It's war!
No, I'm furious we didn't
think of it first.
I say we declare today Saturday, too.
What? But what about the Cleanser Comet?
It's due today.
If the people see it,
they'll know it's really Friday.
It's overcast, has been for three years.
No one will see it.
But what about people's paychecks?
If the people don't show up on payday,
that's their fault.
No paychecks?
But what if the people protest?
Tell them it's your fault.
Uh, my fault?
Yes, sir, good idea, sir.
Right away, o mighty mucky-muck.
Sergeant Dunder, today is Saturday,
and it's all your fault!
Yes, sir. I knew it would be, sir.
Begin the paperwork while I make
the official announcement.
Attention all Thembrians,
this is Colonel Spigot.
Perhaps you've heard of me.
[all groaning]
[Spigot]
Today is officially Saturday.
Anyone who disagrees
will be sent to prison.
Anyone who complains will do hard labor.
Anyone who sneers will be shot.
Have a nice day.
[Dunder] Unidentified whatsit
flying on screen, Colonel Spigot.
[beeping]
Halt! Who flies there?
Happy howdy to you, too.
This here's Baloo, with Higher for Hire.
Now, who might you be?
Colonel Spigot.
Perhaps you've heard of me.
Not that I recollect, Spiggy.
Hmm, never mind.
Just state your purpose.
[Baloo] We're supposed to deliver a crate
of chinchilla earmuffs to Thembria.
That delivery was due yesterday, Friday.
Today is Friday.
Wrong, flyboy.
Today is Saturday.
-Friday.
-Saturday.
-Friday!
-Saturday!
Enough! Give it up, Baloo!
Return to Cape Suzette at once
and apply for a Saturday passport.
Not so fast, Baloo,
I promised I'd deliver these earmuffs,
and Higher for Hire always delivers.
-Keep going.
-[Spigot] No, turn around.
-[Rebecca] Keep going.
-[Spigot] Turn around!
-[Rebecca] Go! Go! Go! Go!
-[Spigot] Turn! Turn! Turn! Turn!
[Baloo]
Swing your partner, dos-a-dos.
You leave me no choice.
Have the glorious people's air force
shoot down that plane.
Can't. All the glorious
people's ammunition is on back order, sir.
Surely, there must be
something we can shoot.
-Careful, Baloo. Bathtubs at 2:00.
-Bathtubs? What are you talking about?
[Baloo] It's a tub attack.
Whoa!
Welcome to Thembria.
Now, march!
Hold it right there, Spiggy.
March where?
To the clink to await trial.
Oh, no. In Thembria, it could be months
before we get a trial.
On the contrary,
trials are the one thing in Thembria
that are swift and expedient.
You'll have a fair trial,
then be shot.
[all gasping]
[announcer]
Welcome to another exciting episode
of the glorious,
colossal Thembrian People's Court.
Our trial's gonna be on the radio?
Of course. It keeps the people in line
and gets good ratings.
March!
Today, illegal aliens from Cape Suzette
will be prosecuted
to the fullest extent of the law
by the head of our glorious
Thembrian air corps, Colonel Nozzle.
Spigot!
Your Honor, these spies
were traveling with expired passports.
How you are pleading?
Innocent.
You can't plead the innocent.
In Thembria, you are guilty
till proven innocent.
Your Highfalutinness, this whole thing
was just a practical joke.
I came up with a scam to make my boss here
believe it's Saturday
so I could get paid early.
But it's really Friday,
-and that's the truth.
-I am not caring about truth.
The state says it's Saturday.
You're guilty as charged.
However, since this is first offense,
I will be lenient.
-Boy is free to go.
-I won't go without Baloo.
-OK. Big one is free, too.
-Oh, that's swell of you.
Oh, thank you, Your Honor.
You're too kind.
Hold it, poopskie!
You are going to firing squad.
What?
[judge] You are boss, leader of pack,
big cheese, top dog, honcho.
So, buck stops with you.
Court adjourned.
Please to have a nice execution.
I've really done it this time,
little britches.
Well, you can't just sit here
and feel sorry for yourself.
-You've got to save Miss Cunningham.
-How?
The only thing I do well
is beat the system.
And look how much trouble that's caused.
Well, then why don't you
try something different,
like not beating the system?
You mean don't cut any corners?
No sneaky tricks or creative schemes?
Do everything on the up and up?
Wait a minute. That's it.
Come on, little britches.
We're going to save Becky,
totally on the up and up.
[Rebecca] No!
Wait, please.
You're making a big mistake.
Up, Dunder.
No, you made the mistake
of crossing paths
with the merciless, tyrannical, infamous,
impersonable Colonel Spigot.
Down.
How long do I have to stay here?
Until your execution paperwork
is filled out.
Oh, in this country,
that could take weeks.
For executions, we use short forms.
-Is that a short joke?
-Guilty.
Oh, Baloo. Help me.
[Baloo] You remember those telescopes
we were to deliver to Myopia?
The ones for Cleanser's Comet? Yeah.
Well, the comet is supposed
to be here on Friday.
Now, if everyone sees it then,
they'll know what day it really is,
and Becky will be home free.
But it's always cloudy in Thembria.
It won't be once I get back the Sea Duck.
I have a flying stunt that will
really clear up this misunderstanding.
Excuse me, Mr. Customs Officer,
I'm here to claim the Sea Duck.
It was escorted in this morning
by your glorious air corps.
Ah, yes. It has been
permanently confiscated by the state.
What? Why?
It's being converted
into apartments for the people.
Oh, no!
[Baloo] We've got to find the Sea Duck
before it goes condo.
My plane! It's gone.
I have good news, Miss Cunningham.
Don't tell me,
is it possible Baloo got me freed?
No. For your execution,
we're letting you choose your noose.
Take this lovely seersucker sheepshank
or this taffeta timberknot.
You're a barbarian!
Hey, wait a minute.
I thought I was being
sent to the firing squad.
You are.
In Thembria, you're shot, then hung.
We like to be thorough.
Oh...
[applause]
That's the firing squad?
Like I said, we're thorough.
Just stand right here,
and we'll get the show going.
-Show?
-You're going on the radio again.
Yes, Rebecca Cunningham,
you're the featured guest on
This Was Your Life,
the radio program that asks the question,
"Was it worth it?"
No! [crying]
-No, it can't be.
-What?
That is the Sea Duck.
What have they done to my plane?
It looks like a centerfold
for Better Homes and Cockpits.
You were born in Cape Suzette
where you attended a private school.
Here is a voice from your past.
Recognize it?
[woman] I remember Rebecca.
She was such an ambitious little girl.
Pretty, too.
-Miss Tuttle, my third grade teacher?
-That's right!
We flew her to Thembria
especially for this broadcast.
And to think your class voted you
least likely to be shot by a firing squad.
[clicking tongue]
Congratulations, ma'am.
You're the lucky winner
of the Thembria Clearing House
Snow Plow Sweepstakes!
I am? What did I win?
A glorious state surplus snow plow shovel.
It was custom made for your lovely home.
Now, turn around and close your eyes,
while we get it ready.
[birds squawking]
[engine starts]
All right.
Turn around and say bye-bye.
[Kit]
Good job, Papa Bear.
But I don't think this is
exactly on the up and up?
'Course it is.
We're gaining altitude, aren't we?
You recently inherited a courier service
from your father
where you quickly learned
to enslave the workers.
[crying]
Please stop.
Get this over with.
Shoot me!
[Baloo] See, I told you
I could clear up this situation.
We'll see that comet for sure.
Wow! The world's first cloud plower.
Uh-oh. And it looks like I'm the last.
-Pull up, Baloo!
-I'm trying.
-I can't get the nose up!
-Why not?
There's too much nose!
Get me some schnozz throttle.
[chuckles]
Well, it's shower curtains for them.
Yeah, and it's curtains for Becky, too.
No one's gonna see that comet now.
Want to bet?
Put on a happy face,
'cause gray skies are going to clear up.
Now why does that sounds familiar?
Whoo! Yahoo!
The boy's doing me proud.
And now, Rebecca, our last guest.
[Spigot] Miss Cunningham and I
know each other well.
Of course, everyone knows me.
Let me guess.
Colonel Drainpipe.
That's Spigot!
For the last time, Spigot!
And now, for our really big show.
Ready... aim...
[gasps]
[yelps]
Oh, look!
It's Cleanser's Comet!
[all exclaiming]
It is Friday.
[all] Payday! [cheering]
I've been saved!
Uh-oh. Someone's in trouble now.
Would it make you feel any better
if this was my fault?
Of course. It's his fault!
I had nothing to do with this.
Baloo, you saved me!
Yep. And you'll be happy to know I didn't
even have to beat the system, to do it.
-You mean, you didn't cut any corners?
-Well, maybe just a little trim.
You didn't pull a scam
or cheat or anything?
Nope.
'Course, don't hold me to the truth.
I won't, but just get me
out of this slush pit!
I am one changed bear.
Well, I think I'll just head over
to Louie's
and see how last night's party went.
Think again.
Here comes your Saturday date.
Uh, one more favor, Becky. Just one more.
Make me work tonight.
Free overtime, huh?
I'll do anything. Please?
Oh, after all you've put me through?
You deserve this night off.
But, but, but, but...
Ready for a night on the town, big bear?
You owe me one, Becky.
You owe me.
♪ Talespin ♪
♪ Another tale to spin ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Ha-ha-ha!
♪ Talespin ♪